what's going on everyone finally by
night after like weeks of just keeping a
shit on hold finally I'm here and proud
to present you guys the last handgun
Moab which is to p99 so yeah sadly this
little mini series is coming to an end
but come on there's fucking six handguns
in the game well you expect it to be
like water like a long-running series
now I want to get this shit over with I
hate almost all these pistols but uh but
you know p99 you know worst the worst
one in my opinion you know alongside the
mp4 12 but anywho what's going on
everyone hopefully everyone had a nice
little Easter no ask for me Easter you
know just it feels pretty much
non-existent you know I don't know why
but my parents just decided to you know
remodel a few things at home so yeah
there's a bunch of shit in furniture
just thrown all over the place and right
there I did get a stamp tax kill and I
was just about to say that um I did get
another not another same type skill but
a knife kill but you'll see that it was
definitely necessary for my survival and
so yeah anywho p99 Moab do I like this
gun or do I hate it let's just say I
have as much hatred for this gun as I
deal with DMV 4 12 and not because of
its odd recoil the recoil is it's sort
of manageable you know it does wobble to
the side a bit mostly to the left side
but it's it's more predictable you know
like the MP 4 12 and the 44 Magnum you
know it every single time you shoot the
gun the recoil is always the same way
you know it's not like an assault rifle
which which you know Bob's you know
every which way but what I do hate about
this gun is too damaged I believe
somebody i think it was deem as I think
he told me like up closed damages as
close to a desert eagle fuck you d mez
as shit is not
true at least for me I don't know I
don't know why I it I get a lot of hit
markers with this gun most i think i got
at most five hit markers from medium
range and I think that's ridiculously
looked at it took an entire clip just to
kill that guy and yeah I know I was
spamming my bullets but I'm pretty sure
a good portion of them actually hit the
guy but you know that's the one thing
that did turn me off let's go not that
this gun is attractive or anything it
just you know it just really kept me off
you know at one point I was actually
getting so frustrated that I actually
wanted to use it you know dual wield but
um you know I still got a single wheel
you know fucking and Meyer ain't got
shit on me you know just saying you know
I didn't get nothing against them but
any of 399 I don't really recommend this
gun I like more the the the 44 Magnum or
akimbo desert eagles or even extended
mags what size she called 57 you know I
prefer those over this one but really I
don't use pistols because I believe
they're just inferior in this game
during fury tree almost any other weapon
in this game I mean why why give
yourself a pistol if you can use an MP
nine or god forbid you know that they're
from g9s you know akimbo glue you know
that's pretty much why I don't use
pistols you know just there's better
options you know I probably going to use
you know the 44 Magnum still but that
doesn't mean I'm going to have it in
like the majority of the classes
majority of the classes i do have maybe
like a javelin you know for an assault
rifle or maybe an MP nine but anywho
from actually this game this game play
is actually a couple of weeks old i did
get a couple of weeks back but i was
just really lazy to do the commentary
because you know the best time for me to
do a commentary is very late at night
because you know my parents are dead
asleep my sister's dead asleep and right
here i think i'm gonna get the knife
kill actually not a little bit later
they're actually dead asleep and i can
put music as loud as I can and they
won't hear it so it's good for me in
right here I was so close to dying so I
i was forced a knife that guy
plus he was using a bear a cock so you
know a 9 out of 10 he's fucking spammed
I should try and kill me you know I
believe I'm always close to getting to
mow I'm almost two more minutes left for
the commentary but I'm anywho um my
parents and simply isn't simple lines
and honest of days sleep very deep and I
got the mob right here call that shooter
news slow-mo jordan i don't i don't know
i just really wanted to put that part in
slow motion and right here I was trying
to get that guy as you can see I got a
lot of him markers on a dude and right
here you can see undecided begun it says
titanium coated I like that shit i was
actually watching the game play over and
I saw that I said titanium coated on his
side of the gun and I was like god
that's pretty cool and I'm after i get
the mall i'm i think i'd go on a little
bit more of a streak and then I did die
from a guy with a type 95 so that's very
unfortunate but um you know you're gonna
have to die you know one way or another
sooner or later and as you can see i do
have a pretty good trigger finger and
that's pretty much because of wall that
war wall that war you know tested the
fuck out of my trigger finger especially
because you know there's a lot of rifles
in the game tied our scent
semi-automatic like the svt 42 er 40 i
think i was called and I'm i got really
used to it so shooting you know pistols
in mana work for reflux we pretty much
second nature and I'm right here here i
ended up finished up finishing this guy
in like less than five seconds just hip
firing and there's the game pretty good
KD 2 um I think it's 4034 and one so
hopefully you guys enjoyed and I got
some more walkthroughs of the campaign
next and i'm i'm probably going to do is
a little bit more of burner loves to
snipe and random class generators and
I'm here is to videos that some people
are properly missed live commentary moab
and also a little accident i got under
campaign so i hope you guys enjoy and
paste